Updated Azure docs for Azure metrics source compatibility (part 2) (#5372)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/microsoft-azure/azure-container-instances.md

<img src={useBaseUrl('https://sumologic-app-data-v2.s3.amazonaws.com/dashboards/Azure-Container-Instances/Azure-Container-Instances-Policy-and-Recommendations.png')} alt="Azure Container Instances - Policy and Recommendations" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="800" />

### Azure Container Instances alerts

These alerts are metric based and will work for all Azure Container Instances.

| Alert Name | Description  | Alert Condition  | Recover Condition  |
|:-- |:-- |:--|:-- |

> | `Azure Container Instances - Memory Usage` | This alert is triggered when memory usage is greater than 20 MB. Also warning alert is triggered when the memory usage exceeds 15 MB. | Data volume > 20MB | Data volume <= 20MB |
> | `Azure Container Instances - CPU Usage` | This alert is triggered when CPU usage is greater than 100 milicore. Also warning alert is triggered when the CPU usage exceeds 90 milicore. | milicores > 100  | milicores <= 100    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Azure Container Instances - Memory Usage` | This alert is triggered when memory usage is greater than 20 MB. Also warning alert is triggered when the memory usage exceeds 15 MB. | Data volume > 20MB | Data volume < = 20MB |
| `Azure Container Instances - CPU Usage` | This alert is triggered when CPU usage is greater than 100 milicore. Also warning alert is triggered when the CPU usage exceeds 90 millicore. | millicores > 100  | millicores < = 100    |
```

Reviewer: @amee-sumo, I think you need to add a space between < and = to fix the build break.
